Hi everyone, It's all right here, it's me again.
rafael souza website owner guide
via miami dot com
I'm here to answer the question of
You do not answer today's question .
collection opened and he wanted to know which
budget hotels that I indicate what I
i would stay here in miami on miami beach good
hotels in miami is a somewhat a thing
complicated because miami a city with
very old hotels
so you have to have a little bit of
be careful when choosing the
hotels sometimes have musty smell has
most poorly maintained rooms are some
electrical installations are not of the
best
but I can not live here for a long time
Since I 've been here almost eight years
united states
I do not go to hotels, it 's the number
excels in hotel here in miami but me
I have a lot of clients who are
always staying and every time a
customer staying at the hotel that one did not
know what the customer has not had
we stayed before I always
I ask if a feedback for the person
to know what they think of the hotel
I'm coming back are several hotels that
recommends then I'll be putting
now a chart with the names of hotels
which I recommend both in miami while
in miami beach
who always remembering that these are the
two best places to stay in
your trip here mother
Good, I hope you liked the
tips I've noticed that keep sending
your questions to me that I go
responding to put on the page in the
facebook that I'll be responding to
as soon as possible
a hug even more